

<!-- Google tag (gtag.js) -->
<script async src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=G-6L9BX7JY3D">
</script>
<script>
  window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
  function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);}
  gtag('js', new Date());

  gtag('config', 'G-6L9BX7JY3D');
</script>


MEDGATE EUROPE
YOUR GATEWAY TO MEDICAL EDUCATION IN BULGARIA
EN RU GR BG
BULGARIA 2026 • ADMISSIONS SUPPORT
Study medicine in Bulgaria with a clear, guided plan.
MedGate Europe now focuses mainly on Bulgaria. The website explains the real path: choosing the right university, understanding the admission route, preparing documents, preparing for entrance exams when needed, relocation, and first steps after arrival. Less empty branding. More real guidance, structure, and support.
Applications for Bulgaria 2026 are open now • Limited private guidance slots each week.
Bulgaria-focused
Clear guidance for medical admissions in Bulgaria.
Fast first contact
Students and families can message directly on WhatsApp.
English-language support
Structured help for international applicants.
Apply for medicine nowChat on WhatsAppView Bulgaria pathway
Start your application
Send your details now and get a direct reply about the best Bulgaria pathway for your profile.




Preferred programMedicineDentistryPharmacyNot sure yet
Send on WhatsApp now
Fastest reply: WhatsApp / Viber +30 697 96 59 540

Why families choose Bulgaria
EU-recognised medical universities, English-track options, and more accessible tuition.
What you get from MedGate Europe
Guidance on university choice, documents, admissions flow, and first relocation steps.
What happens next
You send your details, receive a direct reply, and get a clearer admissions roadmap.
Best first step
Use the form or WhatsApp now so your case can be reviewed quickly.
WHY BULGARIA
Why Bulgaria is one of the strongest medical study destinations in Europe
Bulgaria attracts students because it offers established medical universities, a familiar European study environment, internationally recognized degrees, and a more realistic path for families who want a structured admission process. It is especially attractive for students who want serious education in medicine, dentistry, pharmacy, or premedical preparation without the confusion of random internet advice.
		English-taught opportunities in several Bulgarian universities
		Clearer decision-making when one country is the main focus
		Lower stress when documents, dates, and steps are explained properly
		A practical bridge between application, relocation, and student life

WHAT YOU GET
Admissions support built around real student needs
University selection
We help families understand which Bulgarian city and university fit the student profile best instead of pushing a generic one-size-fits-all choice.
Application guidance
Support with documents, translations, application flow, submission sequence, and the common mistakes that delay admission.
Exam orientation
Guidance for applicants who need to prepare strategically for entrance requirements, timelines, and practical next steps.
Arrival support
What happens after admission matters too: travel planning, first days in Bulgaria, settling in, and starting student life with less stress.

MAIN DESTINATIONS
Bulgaria-focused guidance, city by city
This year the service is centered mainly on Bulgaria, so the site speaks directly to students interested in the Bulgarian route. The choice is not only about a university name. It is also about city, daily life, atmosphere, budget, and how comfortable the student will feel during the first year.
		Sofia — capital city atmosphere, international feeling, bigger-city energy.
		Plovdiv — historic city, strong student environment, practical everyday rhythm.
		Varna — Black Sea lifestyle, coastal setting, attractive for students who value sea and climate.
		Pleven and other options — worth assessing depending on goals, timing, and admission route.
HOW IT WORKS
A simpler admissions process from first message to arrival
1
Step 1 — Consultation: understand the student profile, goals, timing, and realistic options in Bulgaria.
2
Step 2 — Strategy: create the best route for application, exams, documents, and target universities.
3
Step 3 — Preparation: organize forms, paperwork, deadlines, and practical admission actions.
4
Step 4 — Admission support: stay guided through the process instead of guessing what to do next.
5
Step 5 — Arrival: receive practical support for the move and the beginning of studies in Bulgaria.

FOUNDER
Meet Olga Ntikoun
MedGate Europe is designed as a more personal and guided admissions brand. Instead of giving vague advice, the goal is to help families understand the Bulgarian path clearly, communicate professionally, and make decisions with more confidence. The approach is structured, multilingual, and centered on real student questions: where to apply, what to prepare, what to expect, and how to begin well.
Olga Ntikoun
QUESTIONS FAMILIES ASK
Short answers to the questions that matter most
Is this site mainly about Bulgaria now?
Yes. The current focus is mainly Bulgaria, so the explanation, visuals, and guidance are built around Bulgarian medical admissions.
Can support include documents and admission steps?
Yes. The service is presented as practical support for planning, documents, application flow, and first steps after admission.
Is this only for medicine?
The strongest positioning is medicine, but related healthcare pathways can also be discussed during consultation.
Why work with a guided service instead of random sources?
Because families usually need one clear roadmap, not scattered advice from many places that often contradict each other.
CONTACT
Start with a direct conversation
A premium service should feel clear from the first contact. Reach out directly to discuss Bulgaria, the student profile, and the next steps. Best first step: send your case on WhatsApp and get a faster reply.
Fast WhatsApp reply
Private consultation
Bulgaria admissions 2026
Olga Ntikoun
Founder
WhatsApp / Viber
+30 697 96 59 540
Email
dzikunolga@gmail.com
MEDGATE EUROPE • BULGARIA ADMISSIONS FOCUS
📞✆
MedGate Europe
WhatsApp • +30 697 96 59 540
